Fixes #9086: make "cbv" behave like other reductions with respect to unfoldable primitive projections (#18618)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/04-tactics/18618-master+fix9086-align-cbv-prim-proj-other-reduction.rst

- **Fixed:**

>   Reduction of primitive projections applied to a tuple now works for
>   :tacn:`cbv` like it does for :tacn:`cbn`, :tacn:`lazy` and :tacn:`simpl`

Reviewer: maybe could be more explicit about the change, something like
```suggestion
  :tacn:`cbv` of primitive projections applied to a tuple now ignores `beta`
  like it does for :tacn:`cbn`, :tacn:`lazy` and :tacn:`simpl`
```
